Introducation
	WorldTime 2000 is a simple and else to use application for figuring the time
	or difference in time from one location to another.  By simply Choosing your
	home location and then selecting another location somewhere in the world,
	WorldTime 2000 will display the current time for that location, plus the date,
	and difference in hours from the home location.  Also if that location is 
	currently on daylight savings.



Set Home/Reference
	To correctly use WorldTime 2000 you must first choose your home location.
	Select Set Home/Reference or use the hot key H.  Once choosen you will be
	promted to type in your current location in the world. Once you have done this
	hit the enter key.  This will take you back to the main user screen.  You home
	location will appear at the top in yellow text, surrounded by a yellow border.
	WorldTime 2000 uses the date and time set on you computer to figure your current
	time and date for your location. No matter what city, state, or country you type
	in, WorldTime 2000 will always use the information from the computer's internal 
	clock and date set.

Add to Locations List
	This function allows you to add a location to the already large list of world
	cities avaliable in WorldTime 2000.  If you have a location you wish to add choose
	the Add to locations list button in the tool bar or use the hot key A.  You will
	be prompted to enter the Name/Town.  
		EXAMPLE: Sydney, Australia
	Then you will asked the Offset in hours from GMT ( Grenish Mean Time)  This is amount
	of time plus (+) or minus (-) of GMT.  You will need to know if the city, town, etc,
	is currently on Daylight Savings and the start and ending dates.  This can
	also be entered here. I fyou do not know if the location you wish to add is a user
	of daylight savings of not, you may not get a correct time reading to other location
	in WorldTime 2000. Once you have entered your new location to add to WorldTime 
	2000 press the ok button.  You will the find you new location added to the list of 
	locations found in the Add locations to display list.  More often then not you new
	location will be added to the bottom of the list and not neccesarliy in alphabetical order.
		
Add Location to Display
	This function allows you to choose one of the many cities already programed into WorldTime 
	2000. Once the button has been selected a box with a list will appear.  The cites are shown
	in alphabetical order by the first letter of the city, not country.  To the left of the 
	city will be the GMT time either plus (+) or minus (-).  Once you have highlighted a city 
	you have the option of seeing more details about that city, by selecting the "show details"	
	button.  If this button is selected you will see a more detailed outline of the city. This
	will show the offset in hours from GMT and weather or not the location is subject to daylight
	savings.  You will notice that this box is the same as the "add location" except for one minor
	difference.   You have the opion to modify this location at this point. As before you will
	be able to see the starting and ending dates for the daylight savings. If a location is modified
	you are able to return to that location and change the setting back to the original setting or
	choose a new setting. 

	Once you have selected a location to add to the display and press the button marked "OK", this
	location will be added to the WorldTime 2000 display screen in green. The location will be 
	displayed, city and then country.  The icon of the sun indicates if that location is currently
	on daylight savings.  If no sun is present then that location is currently not on daylight savings
	at this time.  The Time at that location will appear next.  This is the current time at that location.
	The Date appears after the time.  The last item to show on the same line of your newly added location,
	will be a number either, plus (+) of Minus (-).  This number is to indicate the number of hours
	from you home location that you chose Under Set Home/ Reference. The add location to display
	may also be accessed by using the hot key D.

Modify Location
	This is the same screen that was to be found under add to display by pressing the "show Details"
	button.  You are able to select a location in the list of locations that appear on the screen.
	You are able to change the offset in hours from GMT, and adjust the daylight savings details.
	As before you are able to modify a location by pressing the modify button.  A location can be
	re-modified by re-selecting that location. You can access the feature by using the hot key M.
Delete Location
	This funcation allows you to delete a location from the list of cities.  This program will ask
	to confirm that you wish to delete this location.  Once a location has been deleted, the only 
	way to re-establish that location back into the list is to  use the Add location feature of the
	WorldTime 2000 program.
Display Screen
	The display screen has all the information you need to have in order to find the difference in
	time from on place to another, and the number of hours differnece from one location to another.
	All locations in green will show the number of hours difference from your home location on the far
	right side of the screen.  This will either be a plus (+) or minus (-) number to your home location.
	If your wish to see the difference between two locations in green. Left click on a green location, this 
	will highlight that city in red.  At that time all the numbers on the far right will either be plus (+)
	or minus (-) to that red highlighted location, including your home location.  If you right click
	on a location it will remove that location from the display but not from the program.  To re-select 
	that city, return to the Add location to display function, and re-select that city.
Prefrences
	This funtion allows you to choose to display the locations in 24 hours time or not, by simply ticking
	the box.  You also have the option to remove the graphical spinning icon of the earth, by simply ticking
	box, and choosing ok.